[docs][calendar] Add deprecation notes (#45118)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/calendar.mdx

} from '~/ui/components/ConfigSection';
import { SnackInline } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> > **warning** **[Deprecated](/more/release-statuses/#deprecated):** The `expo-calendar` library is being replaced by [`expo-calendar/next`](calendar-next.mdx). Migrate to `expo-calendar/next` when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **warning** **[Deprecated](/more/release-statuses/#deprecated):** The `expo-calendar` library is being replaced by [`expo-calendar/next`](calendar-next.mdx). The current API is not receiving patches and will be removed in an upcoming release.
```

Up to you, but a small nit for consistency. I think clarifying that the current library will not receive updates is a bit more useful
